README.md, before:

# Engrid Multistep Lightbox

This project makes it easy to create links to your Engaging Networks Donation Page as a lightbox with multiple steps.

## How to use

1. Add the script below to the page:

```html
<script
  defer="defer"
  src="https://acb0a5d73b67fccd4bbe-c2d8138f0ea10a18dd4c43ec3aa4240a.ssl.cf5.rackcdn.com/10003/donation-lightbox-parent.js"
></script>
```

2. The script will look for the `data-donation-lightbox` attribute on every `a` tag and make it open as a lightbox, with the options below.

## Options

Every option can be set as a data attribute on the `a` tag, or as a JavaScript object.

![Options](options.png "Engrid Multistep Lightbox Options")

- **name**: The name of the lightbox. This is used to identify the lightbox in Google Analytics. Defaults to "4Site Multi-Step Splash".
- **image** - Main Image of the Lightbox.
- **video** - Main Video of the Lightbox. If used, the **image** option will be used as a poster image.
- **autoplay** - If true, the video will autoplay, be muted, and loop.
- **logo** - Logo Image Used on the center of the Lightbox. On mobile, it will be scaled down and moved to the top.
- **divider** - Divider Image Used between the Hero Image and Content.
- **title** - Title of the Lightbox.
- **mobile_enabled** - Enable the mobile version of the lightbox. Defaults to false.
- **mobile_title** - Title of the Lightbox on mobile.
- **paragraph** - Content of the Lightbox.
- **mobile_paragraph** - Content of the Lightbox on mobile.
- **bg_color** - HEX color of the left column background.
- **text_color** - HEX color of the left column text.
- **form_color** - HEX color for the form theme.
- **footer** - Content of the footer.
- **url** - URL of the donation page - use this option if you want the lightbox to automatically open when the page loads.
- **cookie_hours** - Number of hours to not auto open the lightbox after the user closes it.

Because the page can have multiple lightbox links, you can share options between them by creating a `DonationLightboxOptions` object. Example:

```javascript
DonationLightboxOptions = {
  name: "Super Ultra Mega Donation Lightbox",
  logo: "https://www.peta.org/wp-content/themes/petaorg/assets/images/peta-logo.svg",
  footer:
    "Donations to PETA are in U.S. dollars and are tax-deductible to the fullest extent allowed by U.S. law. PETA's tax ID number is 52-1218336.",
};
```

On the example above, the logo and footer will be used for all links.

**Example of Link Without Lightbox:**

```html
<a href="https://support.peta.org/page/32254/donate/1">Give Now</a>
```

**Example of Link With Lightbox:**

```html
<a
  href="https://support.peta.org/page/32254/donate/1"
  data-donation-lightbox
  data-name="Super Ultra Mega Donation Lightbox"
  data-title="My Title Test"
  data-paragraph="My paragraph test"
  >Give Now
</a>
```

### IMPORTANT: This project only works with the Engaging Networks Pages using the [engrid-peta theme](https://github.com/4site-interactive-studios/engrid-peta).

## Development

Your js code must be on the `src/app` folder. Styling changes must be on `src/scss`.

## Install Dependencies

1. `npm install`

## Deploy

1. `npm run build` - Builds the project
2. `npm run watch` - Watch for changes and rebuilds the project

It's going to create a `dist` folder, where you can get the `donation-lightbox-parent.js` file and publish it.

Currently it's published on:  
https://acb0a5d73b67fccd4bbe-c2d8138f0ea10a18dd4c43ec3aa4240a.ssl.cf5.rackcdn.com/10003/donation-lightbox-parent.js

Commit message:

New View More Option + Visual Changes for PETA

README.md, after:

# Engrid Multistep Lightbox

This project makes it easy to create links to your Engaging Networks Donation Page as a lightbox with multiple steps.

## How to use

1. Add the script below to the page:

```html
<script
  defer="defer"
  src="https://acb0a5d73b67fccd4bbe-c2d8138f0ea10a18dd4c43ec3aa4240a.ssl.cf5.rackcdn.com/10003/donation-lightbox-parent.js"
></script>
```

2. The script will look for the `data-donation-lightbox` attribute on every `a` tag and make it open as a lightbox, with the options below.

## Options

Every option can be set as a data attribute on the `a` tag, or as a JavaScript object.

![Options](options.png "Engrid Multistep Lightbox Options")

- **name**: The name of the lightbox. This is used to identify the lightbox in Google Analytics. Defaults to "4Site Multi-Step Splash".
- **image** - Main Image of the Lightbox.
- **video** - Main Video of the Lightbox. If used, the **image** option will be used as a poster image.
- **autoplay** - If true, the video will autoplay, be muted, and loop.
- **logo** - Logo Image Used on the center of the Lightbox. On mobile, it will be scaled down and moved to the top.
- **divider** - Divider Image Used between the Hero Image and Content.
- **title** - Title of the Lightbox.
- **mobile_enabled** - Enable the mobile version of the lightbox. Defaults to false.
- **mobile_title** - Title of the Lightbox on mobile.
- **paragraph** - Content of the Lightbox.
- **mobile_paragraph** - Content of the Lightbox on mobile.
- **bg_color** - HEX color of the left column background.
- **text_color** - HEX color of the left column text.
- **form_color** - HEX color for the form theme.
- **footer** - Content of the footer.
- **url** - URL of the donation page - use this option if you want the lightbox to automatically open when the page loads.
- **cookie_hours** - Number of hours to not auto open the lightbox after the user closes it.
- **view_more** - Whether or not to show the "View More" link to expand the text. Defaults to false.

Because the page can have multiple lightbox links, you can share options between them by creating a `DonationLightboxOptions` object. Example:

```javascript
DonationLightboxOptions = {
  name: "Super Ultra Mega Donation Lightbox",
  logo: "https://www.peta.org/wp-content/themes/petaorg/assets/images/peta-logo.svg",
  footer:
    "Donations to PETA are in U.S. dollars and are tax-deductible to the fullest extent allowed by U.S. law. PETA's tax ID number is 52-1218336.",
};
```

On the example above, the logo and footer will be used for all links.

**Example of Link Without Lightbox:**

```html
<a href="https://support.peta.org/page/32254/donate/1">Give Now</a>
```

**Example of Link With Lightbox:**

```html
<a
  href="https://support.peta.org/page/32254/donate/1"
  data-donation-lightbox
  data-name="Super Ultra Mega Donation Lightbox"
  data-title="My Title Test"
  data-paragraph="My paragraph test"
  >Give Now
</a>
```

### IMPORTANT: This project only works with the Engaging Networks Pages using the [engrid-peta theme](https://github.com/4site-interactive-studios/engrid-peta).

## Development

Your js code must be on the `src/app` folder. Styling changes must be on `src/scss`.

## Install Dependencies

1. `npm install`

## Deploy

1. `npm run build` - Builds the project
2. `npm run watch` - Watch for changes and rebuilds the project

It's going to create a `dist` folder, where you can get the `donation-lightbox-parent.js` file and publish it.

Currently it's published on:  
https://acb0a5d73b67fccd4bbe-c2d8138f0ea10a18dd4c43ec3aa4240a.ssl.cf5.rackcdn.com/10003/donation-lightbox-parent.js
